I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
The School Fete!
Today is the day of the school fete.
Peppa loves coming to the fete.
Here are Peppa's friends,
Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep,
Danny Dog, Rebecca Rabbit
and Pedro Pony.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Peppa!
I love the school fete!
Me, too! What do you like best?
The face painting!
I like the balloons!
I like the bouncy castle the best!
I like everything!
A very good choice, Peppa!
See you later, Peppa!
See you later!
George, What do you like best?
Dine-Saw! Grrr!
Oh, dear, there aren't any dinosaurs
at the fete, George.
Maybe We can get you a dinosaur balloon.
Are you sure they have
dinosaur balloons,
Daddy Pig?
I'm certain of it.
Can George and I get our
faces painted first?
Of course.
Miss Rabbit has painted
Peppa's friends as tigers!
There you are, Suzy!
Now you look like a tiger!
Thank you, Miss Rabbit!
Wow! I like your face, Suzy.
Are you a pussycat?
No! I'm a tiger!
Peppa, Would you like
your face painted?
Yes, please.
Can I be an elephant?
Oh, dear, I don't know
how to do elephants.
I can do tigers!
Yes, a tiger, please!
There you are, Peppa,
now you're a tiger!
I'm a tiger!
George, What Would you like to be?
Dine-saw! Grr!
A dinosaur?
Er, how about a tiger instead?
I'm good at tigers.
I'm a tiger!
So am I! Woof! Woof!
Meow! Tigers don't say,
''Woof! Woof!''
How do you know?
Because tigers are big cats.
And I'm a cat!
Candy, please, can you teach
us how to be tigers?
Okay! Tigers creep very, very slowly,
and then, they jump! Grrrr!
Tigers like to lick
themselves clean.
But, best of all, When tigers are happy...
they purr.
Hello, children. My goodness!
You're all tigers!
And I'm teaching them
to be proper tigers. Grrr!
What do you little tigers
Want to do next?
Dine-Saw!
That's right! We have to find George
a dinosaur balloon!
Let's get you all balloons!
Hurray!
Hello, Madame Gazelle!
We'd like some balloons, please.
Certainly! I've got lots of different ones.
Can I have an elephant
balloon? Please!
Here you are, Peppa!
Can I have a kangaroo?
A lion, please!
A monkey, please!
A parrot, please!
Yes, I've got all those!
Most important of all,
We need a dinosaur balloon for George.
Oh, dear,
I do not seem to have
any dinosaur balloons.
Oh.
Don't Worry, George. I've got an idea.
Could We have two of the
long balloons, please?
Watch this, everybody!
What is Daddy Pig doing
With the balloons?
There! Can anyone guess
What it is?
ls it a kangaroo?
No, it's a...
Dine-Saw!
That's right, a dinosaur!
Daddy Pig has made a balloon dinosaur.
Grrrrrrrr! Dine-saw!
Now, the bouncy castle!
Peppa loves bouncing
on the bouncy castle.
Everyone loves bouncing
on the bouncy castle!
This is the best school fete, ever!